INPUT:
  For this we need to create Submit Button component and the value of the inputValue is being stored in the state, we need to create a button to add the items to a list of todos.create a function that will bind to the button to add the new todo to the array of todos defined in the constructor.Call this function submitTodo, and place it after the inputChange function.Next, create the todoIndex at the top of the App.js file, below the last import statement. Next for Building a tab bar filter showing either all todos, only completed todos or the incomplete todos. we will create a function named setType that will take a type as an argument and update the type in the state. I have created TabBar and TabBarItem components,this component takes three props: setType,type and title
 

PROCESS:
  Use React Native's core components (View, Text, ScrollView, TouchableHighlight, StyleSheet) to structure and display the app interface.Destructures the submitTodo function, which was passed as a prop to the component.Attaches submitTodo to the onPress function available to the TouchableHighlight component. This function will be called when the TouchableHighlight is touched or pressed.Apply styles using the StyleSheet component to enhance the visual appearance.Use internal styles to define the look and feel of the screen.I have used switch statement to check which type is currently set. If 'All' is set,return the entire list of todos. If 'Complete' is set,filter the todos and only return the complete todos. If 'Active' is set,filter the todos and only return the incomplete todos.

OUTPUT:
   Displays a submit button. When I add a todo, the TextInput clears, and the app state log to the console, showing an array of todos with the new todo in the array. Displays new TabBar with All,Active,Complete.The TabBar will filter based on which type is selected.
